Allowed CSV output to occur at the end of each fixed point iteration (#31111)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/outputs/CSV.md

one each for every vector that exists within a `VectorPostprocessor` object for
each timestep.

> This output has an additional execute flag, `MULTIAPP_FIXED_POINT_ITERATION_END`, corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This output supports an additional execution schedule, with the `execute_on` flag `MULTIAPP_FIXED_POINT_ITERATION_END`, corresponding
```
